All right some all the fibs Banaji numbers so in our example let's say we take in a single input of
a number we're going to get a sum of all the Fibonacci numbers.
Not Shinners are defined as essentially adding the numbers.
So we go 0 and then we go 1 9 0 1 to 1 which makes two.
Then we go to and one which makes 3 2 and 3 which ranks 5 and then eight and then we only want to add
the odd values.
So 1 1 3 and 5 to return 10 or 10 input and then we have some other examples here.
As test cases.
So that's our objective and all of the odd Fibonacci numbers.
I don't have any answers.
It is pure logic one.
Let's go ahead and jump into it.
All right so what we have to understand here is we sort of need three variables and this is the hardest
part just understand how many variables we need to keep track of our items.
We need one for our previous number.
We need one for our current number and we need four and for a result to return.
So let's start there with our result.
So create a result initialises 0 at the end of what we really want to do is return that result we're
going to modify that.
We then need one for our previous number.
So
previous pre-WWI for use this on and we'll go ahead and say that zero.
And then we'll go ahead and say let current equal to 1.
So we are initialising at 1.
If you're able to get this far you probably understand what to do next.
So we need to iterate through our Fibonacci numbers or up to our current No.
So while our current number or current is less than or equal to our income that we're passing then we
need to do some stuff.
The first thing that we can do is we can find out if it's evenly divisible because we don't want to
return those items that are divisible by by 2 right.
So we can take our current value and we can modify 2 and if it equals equals zero mean not as equals
equals zero.
Meaning it's odd.
We in fact can just say look our result is equal to our current number.
Now if it's not we're not worried about it we're just not going to add the result.
So we're going to handle some cases here where we're going to say hey instead previous number previous
will be equal to current number plus previous.
Now that we have that
excuse me I'm sorry a previous number is equal to our current number.
And then our current number will be equal to our previous number plus and if I did these out of order
I think.
So let's see where am I going wrong here.
So this
oh I see what I forgot to add a variable.
So this is where I got tricked up last time where I was going to just create a contest here called him.
And this is going to be our new value and this is going to be equal to our current plus our previous
number before we modify them.
That's where I got tricked up again this twice now.
Shame on me.
So our added value.
How like the name.
I did our previous current.
A very strange way of new current new current.
There we go next great.
How what next great next year is much better.
So next our next screen value.
We're going to go ahead and set previous though first or answer that equal to current.
This is going to update to the latest rally now.
Now we can update current to be equal to our next current.
And there we go.
So I've got to say moosic I was getting I have my notes so easy here.
The idea is we have three variables one to two put the result in one to serve the previous value of
one to store the current value run through it.
Why we're doing it at only the odd numbers and then keep track of the current plus the previous and
then reset those values or update those values.
I should say when you break out just returning a lot of stuff going on here.
But I think this is a really good sort of mid low mid-tier algorithm problem that you probably could
see in an actual technical interview.